OK, TURN LEFT UP HERE,AND CAN YOU STEP
ON THE GAS A LITTLE?
[GASPS] OHH.
HEY!
OFF THE GAS!
DOES SOMEONE ELSE
WANT TO DRIVE HERE?
PHOEBE, THE DEMON
IS NOT WAITING AROUND
FOR US TO COME
AND VANQUISH HIM.
WE DON'T HAVE THE POWER
TO VANQUISH HIM.
SCRYING FOR RANDOM EVIL
TELLS US NOTHING.
IT TELL US
WHERE THE DEMONS ARE,
AND SINCE WE VANQUISHED
2 ALREADY THIS WEEK,
I'D SAY IT'S
WORKING PRETTY WELL.
THANKS TO COLE
FOR SAVING OUR BUTTS,
BUT 2 WITCHES
AND A HALF A DEMON
DOES NOT THE POWER
OF THREE MAKE.
WHAT ARE WE SUPPOSED
TO DO, JUST SIT AROUND
AND WAIT FOR THEM
TO PICK US ALL OFF?
IF WE WEREN'T
GOING AFTER THEM,
THEY'D BE COMING AFTER US.
THEY'RE COMING
AFTER YOU
ANYWAY, PIPER.
THE SOURCE IS
COMING AFTER YOU.
AND WE WON'T BE
READY FOR HIM
BECAUSE INSTEAD OF TEACHING
PAIGE HOW TO BE A WITCH,
WE'RE OUT HUNTING DOWN
EVERY TOM, DICK, AND
BEELZEBUB IN SAN FRANCISCO.
SPEAKING OF,
DO WE HAVE ANY KIND
OF PLAN HERE, OR--
THE PLAN IS
TO VANQUISH THE DEMON.
GREAT. ANY CHANCE YOU'VE
MASTERED YOUR POWERS,
OR ARE YOU STILL FREEZING
AND EXPLODING AT RANDOM?
RANDOM, BUT YOU KNOW
WHAT THEY SAY,
THERE'S NOTHING LIKE
FIELD PRACTICE. TURN HERE!
STOP!
HEY BIG SCRAY DEMOND!
AAH!
HE'S GONNA BLOW.
WHAAH!
NEXT!
THROUGHOUT HISTORY, WITCHES
HAVE BEEN MISUNDERSTOOD,
PERSECUTED AND DESTROYED.
THE PUBLIC HANGING, DROWNING
AND BURNING OF WOMEN
SUSPECTED OF WITCHCRAFT IS
A FAR MORE RECENT CHAPTER
OF OUR HISTORY THAN
PEOPLE REALIZE.
PAIGE!
YEAH?
WHAT'S THE HOLDUP
ON THE O'BRIEN APPLICATION?
WELL, AT THE MOMENT,
THE ONLY HOLDUP IS MY BOSS
WHO'S STANDING OVER ME,
DISTRACTING ME FROM MY WORK.
HEH, NICE TEETH.
HAVE IT ON MY DESK
BY NOON.
[WHISPERING] Lila!
What's the O'Brien
application?
ADAM O'BRIEN,
THE FOSTER KID
WE'RE TRYING TO GET
INTO THE BOARDING SCHOOL?
OH, MY GOD.
THE SCHOLARSHIP APPLICATION
IS DUE, LIKE, TODAY.
I AM SO LAME.
AW, BILLY,
I THOUGHT I TOLD YOU
TO THROW ANYTHING
FRM CREDITORS
IN THE TRASH.
HI, PIZZA-FACE,
LOOK, I UNDERSTAND
HOW DIFFICULT IT IS
TO TEAR YOURSELF AWAY
FROM THE CLEAVAGE
IN THIS SECTION,
BUT I'M GONNA NEED
MY MAIL SOMETIME TODAY, OK?
NO PROBLEM.
GO, GO.
NICE RUG.
[GASPS]
WHAT THE HELL!
OH, I KNOW THAT YOU'RE HAPPY
THAT WE GOT HIM, PIPER,
BUT IS IT ENTIRELY NECESSARY
TO DISFIGURE THE BOOK?
HMM. THIS ONE COULD
INCINERATE HUMAN FLESH
WITH HIS EYES.
THAT MUST STING.
YOU THINK THAT'S FUNNY?
YOU COULD'VE
GOTTEN YOURSELF KILLED.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND THAT?
YES, COLE. I UNDERSTAND
KILLED VERY WELL.
THEN WHY WOULD YOU WANT
TO KEEP RISKING YOUR LIFE
AND PHOEBE'S,
NOT TO MENTION MINE?
THERE'S A LEGION OF
BOUNTY HUNTERS ON MY ASS.
I'M SUPPOSED
TO BE LAYING LOW,
BUT INSTEAD, I'M OUT
PROTECTING YOU GUYS.
YOU KNOW WHAT, COLE?
NEXT TIME,
YOU CAN STAY HOME.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
IF YOU INSIST ON TAKING
THESE SUICIDE MISSIONS,
YOU FORCE ME TO BE THERE
BECAUSE THERE'S
NO WAY IN HELL
I AM ABOUT TO LET PHOEBE
LOSE ANOTHER SISTER.
WHY DON'T YOU GO SEE WHO'S
AT THE DOOR FOR US, OK?
SURE. IF IT'S
THE SOURCE,
I'LL JUST ASK HIM
TO COME BACK LATER.
WE NEED TO TALK.
PIPER, COLE'S RIGHT.
WE HAVE A SYSTEM
FOR FIGHTING DEMONS,
AND IT'S WORKED
PRETTY WELL FOR
THE LAST 3 YEARS.
I THINK, UH,
PRUE BEING KILLED
COUNTS AS A PRETTY BIG
GLITCH IN THE SYSTEM.
I KNOW
THAT YOU'RE ANGRY.
I AM ANGRY, TOO.
THEN WHY ARE YOU
FIGHTING ME ON THIS?
WHAT IS THE PROBLEM WITH
GETTING A LITTLE PROACTIVE?
BECAUSE WE'RE NOT
READY TO GET PROACTIVE.
THAT'S WHAT'S
WRONG WITH IT.
WE'RE BARELY READY
FOR ANYTHING RIGHT NOW.
JUST DEALING WITH
OUR EVERYDAY, NORMAL
LIVES IS HARD ENOUGH.
THAT IS PRECISELY
THE POINT.
THE FASTER WE
GET RID OF THESE DEMONS,
THE FASTER WE CAN
GET BACK TO OUR EVERYDAY,
NORMAL LIVES,
OR AT LEAST WHAT IS
LEFT OF THEM.
KNOCK, KNOCK.
I, UH, I'M SORRY
TO JUST DROP BY
WITHOUT CALLING.
UH, IT'S OK.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
I DON'T KNOW
EXACTLY WHY I'M HERE.
I'M JUST KIND OF
HAVING A HARD TIME
BEING SURROUNDED
BY PEOPLE AND...
AND NOT BE ABLE
TO TELL THEM
THAT YOU CAN MOVE THINGS
WITH YOUR MIND?
IT DOES NOT EXACTLY
ROLL OFF THE TONGUE.
YEAH, WELL, BEING A WITCH
IS TOUGH ON FRIENDSHIPS.
THAT'S WHY
THE WHOLE SISTER THING
COMES IN SO HANDY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
UM, IT'S A LITTLE
CHATTY UP HERE,
SO I'M GONNA GO SCRY
FOR EVIL IN MY ROOM.
SCRY?
YEAH, UH...
PHOEBE'LL EXPLAIN.
I'LL SEE YOU LATER.
IT'S KIND OF LIKE A, UM...
SUPERNATURAL LOJACK.
WELL, WHY DON'T YOU
JUST USE THAT BIG BOOK?
I MEAN, IT IS A BOOK
OF SPELLS, RIGHT?
OH, IT'S A LOT MORE
THAN THAT.
IT'S KIND OF HARD
TO EXPLAIN.
IT LOOKS SO OLD.
YEAH. IT HAS
SURVIVED A LOT.
FORTUNATELY, IT PROTECTS
ITSELF FROM EVIL.
IT PROTECTS ITSELF.
HOW?
MAGIC.
MAY I?
YEAH.
TECHNICALLY,
IT'S YOURS, TOO.
I WOULD WALK YOU
THROUGH IT RIGHT NOW,
BUT I HAVE TO GO
TALK TO COLE.
WELL, MAYBE I CAN JUST
TAKE IT BACK TO MY OFFICE.
OH, NO, NO, NO.
NO, IT DOESN'T
LEAVE THE HOUSE.
BUT JUST FEEL FREE
TO THUMB THROUGH IT.
THEN I'LL BE BACK
IN A FEW MINUTES.
THIS COULD SOLVE
A LOT OF PROBLEMS.
WHAT? WHAT IS IT?
WHAT'S WRONG?
YOU'VE GOT TO TALK
TO YOUR WIFE.
OK, COLE, REMEMBER
WHAT I SAID
ABOUT BEING GENTLE?
WHAT ABOUT MY WIFE?
SHE'S OUT OF CONTROL.
COLE!
WHAT?
IT'S JUST WE'RE VERY
WORRIED ABOUT HER.
WHAT HAPPENED?
SHE'S VERY, VERY ANGRY.
WELL, OF COURSE
SHE'S ANGRY.
SHE'S GRIEVING.
RIGHT. AND IF SHE
WERE PUNCHING WALLS,
I WOULD HAPPILY CALL
A REPAIRMAN, BUT--
THE PROBLEM IS,
SHE PREFERS
TO PUNCH DEMONS.
I'LL TALK TO HER.
SHE HAS NO REGARD
FOR HER OWN LIFE
OR FOR ANYONE ELSE'S.
SHE'S CHARLES BRONSON
CUBED.
I SAID
I'D TALK TO HER.
GUYS, GUYS.
WHO IS CHARLES BRONSON?
NEVER MIND. CAN WE PLEASE
JUST HAVE A MINUTE ALONE?
SURE.
Phoebe: THANK YOU.
OH, IT'S NOT JUST THAT
SHE'S VIOLENT, LEO.
SHE'S ACTING
NOTHING LIKE HERSELF.
SHE'S COMPLETELY
DISMISSIVE
OF PAIGE, AND...
[SIGHS]
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
TO DO ANYMORE.
IT'S STRANGE, ISN'T IT?
NOW ON TOP OF EVERYTHING ELSE,
YOU HAVE TO PLAY
THE "MIDDLE SISTER,"
WHEN YOU'VE ALWAYS BEEN
THE, UH...
THE SCREWUP?
[LAUGHS]
THE YOUNGEST.
YEAH, I LOOK
AT PAIGE AND PIPER,
AND IT MAKES
ME THINK BACK
TO ALL THOSE TIMES
THAT PIPER HAD
TO PLAY MEDIATOR
BETWEEN ME AND PRUE.
NOT A LOT OF FUN, HUH?
IT'S NOT A JOB
I WOULD HAVE ASKED FOR,
AND I'M NOT SURE
IT'S A JOB I'M GONNA
BE ANY GOOD AT, BUT...
I JUST--I DON'T HAVE
TIME TO REALLY WORRY
ABOUT IT RIGHT NOW.
I'LL TALK TO HER.
THANKS, LEO...
AND NOT TO RUSH
THIS TENDER MOMENT,
BUT SHE'S ALREADY
STARTED SCRYING.
I DIDN'T MEAN
YOU COULDN'T USE
THE STAIRS.
OK, BOOK.
PROTECT YOURSELF.
[WHISTLES]
OH!
WHOA! WHERE'S
THE FIRE?
YOU KNOW, WORK.
LUNCH BREAK'S OVER.
GOTTA GO.
WE DIDN'T EVEN
GET TO TALK.
OH, YEAH. IT'S ALL RIGHT.
DON'T WORRY.
WILL YOU COME BY LATER?
SURE, YEAH,
ABSOLUTELY. BYE.
BYE.
IT ISN'T JUST
THAT IT'S DANGEROUS.
LEO, WHITELIGHTERS
ARE SUPPOSED TO GUIDE,
NOT JUDGE.
JUST BECAUSE I'M DOING THINGS
A LITTLE BIT DIFFERENTLY
DOESN'T MEAN
THAT THERE IS A PROBLEM.
PIPER,
I'M YOUR HUSBAND,
NOT JUST
YOUR WHITELIGHTER.
WHEN YOU SPEAK
TO ME LIKE THAT,
THERE IS A PROBLEM.
I CAN'T
HELP YOU UNLESS
YOU TALK TO ME.
IT HURTS TO TALK, LEO.
IT HURTS TO BREATHE.
SO UNLESS YOU HAVE
SOME IDEA OF HOW
TO BRING PRUE BACK,
I DON'T WANT
TO TALK RIGHT NOW.
IS THAT WHAT YOU
DON'T WANT TO SAY...
IS THAT YOU STILL
BLAME ME
FOR NOT BEING ABLE
TO BRING HER BACK?
NO, LEO, I DON'T BLAME YOU.
I BLAME EVIL.
WHY DO YOU THINK
I'M DOING ALL OF THIS,
FOR KICKS?
HONESTLY, I THINK
YOU'RE DOING IT
BECAUSE IT'S EASIER
THAN CONFRONTING
WHAT YOU'RE
REALLY FEELING.
DEMON.
WHAT?
I HAVE WORK TO DO.
COLE, PHOEBE, LET'S GO.
NOTHING LIKE A COPY ROOM
WITH A VIEW.
HEY CLEARASIL WHAT'S POPIN?
DON'T WORRY
ABOUT HIM, BILLY.
HE'S A JERK
TO EVERYBODY.
YEAH, I KNOW. THAT'S WHY
HIS MAIL GETS LOST.
FREQUENTLY.
HEY, IS THERE
SOMETHING WRONG
WITH THIS COPIER?
THE COPIER?
I DON'T THINK SO.
I JUST RAN OFF
A WHOLE BUNCH.
ARE YOU TRYING
TO COPY A BOOK?
NAH, IT'S NOTHING.
IT'S COOL.
WELL, IF YOU NEED ME
TO DO IT FOR YOU,
JUST SAY THE WORD.
THANKS. YOU'RE SWEET.
"LET THE OBJECT
OF OBJECTION
BECOME BUT A DREAM
AS I CAUSE THE SEEN
TO BE UNSEEN."
ARE YOU OK, BILLY?
YEAH. I JUST GOT
A LITTLE HEAD RUSH.
OH, MY GOD,
IT WORKED.
OH, MY GOD.
PAIGE, IS, UH,
EVERYTHING OK?
IT WILL BE
FROM NOW ON.
PIPER, COLE AND I
DO NOT SUPPORT YOU
IN THIS.
IF YOU INSIST
ON DOING IT,
YOU ARE GOING IN ALONE.
OK. I'LL SEE YOU
AT HOME.
I TOLD YOU
THAT WOULDN'T WORK.
IT WAS WORTH A SHOT.
WAIT A MINUTE.
DO YOU SMELL SMOKE?
[SNIFFS]
IT'S IN THERE.
GET BACK.
I'LL BLOW IT UP.
GO ON.
UGH.
UH, PIPER...
YEAH, YEAH.
WHAT CRAP.
OK.
[PHOEBE SCREAMS]
PIPER.
WHAT? OH.
[COUGHS]
[GRUNTS]
PIPER,
LET THEM GO!
UH-OH.
THEY'RE--THEY'RE--
T-T-T-T-THEY'RE IMMUNE
TO MY POWERS.
UNFORTUNATELY,
COLE ISN'T.
AAH!
UNH!
AAH! AAH!
AAH!
PIPER,
UNFREEZE HIM!
WHAT IF I BLOW HIM UP?
[GASPS, COUGHS]
[PIPER COUGHING]
I'M GONNA TAKE OUT
THOSE CHAIN-SMOKIN'
BITCHES
IF IT'S THE LAST
THING I DO.
IT MIGHT BE
THE LAST THING
YOU DO.
THAT'S VERY
SUPPORTIVE, COLE.
WHOSE SIDE
ARE YOU ON?
AT THE MOMENT,
I'M ON
PHOEBE'S SIDE.
[COUGHS]
WELL, THE LAST TIME
I CHECKED,
PHOEBE WAS STILL
MY SISTER,
WHICH TECHNICALLY
PUTS HER ON MY SIDE.
WHY ARE WE ARGUING?
WE'RE NOT ARGUING.
WE'RE DISCUSSING, PIPER.
YOU ARE ARGUING,
AND LOOK,
YOU'RE ALREADY HURT.
I'M FINE.
YOU CAN'T STOP COUGHING.
AND YOUR CONTROL
OF YOUR POWERS
SEEMS TO BE GETTING
WORSE, NOT BETTER.
OH, WELL,
OUR POWERS ARE TIED
TO OUR EMOTIONS,
SO IT MAKES SENSE
THAT THEY WOULD BE
A LITTLE OFF
RIGHT NOW.
ALL THE MORE REASON
TO LAY LOW.
THESE DEMONS
ARE DANGEROUS.
ALL THE MORE REASON
TO VANQUISH THEM, OK?
THAT IS WHAT WE DO--
ELIMINATE EVIL.
REGARDLESS
OF THE CONSEQUENCES?
NOW YOU SOUND LIKE PRUE.
OK, COLE. I'M GOING
TO VANQUISH
THE CANCER GIRLS
WITH OR WITHOUT
YOUR HELP,
SO EITHER TELL ME
WHAT YOU KNOW,
OR GET OUT OF THE WAY.
HEY.
THEY'RE CALLED FURIES.
LIKE FROM MYTHOLOGY?
THE DOG-FACED WOMEN
FROM HELL?
THEY'RE
MODERN KNOCKOFFS.
THEIR M.O.
IS THE SAME, THOUGH.
THEY PUNISH EVILDOERS.
EXACTLY.
WOULDN'T THAT
MAKE THEM GOOD?
Cole: WELL, THESE FURIES
HAVE NO TEMPERANCE.
THEY'LL GO AFTER
A SHOPLIFTER AS SOON
AS A MURDERER,
AND THEY TAKE GREAT
PLEASURE IN THE KILL.
GREAT. THEN WE'LL TAKE
GREAT PLEASURE
IN THE VANQUISH.
WHAT AREN'T
YOU TELLING US?
[SIGHS]
THEY GO AFTER EVILDOERS.
HAVE THEY ATTACKED
YOU BEFORE?
[CHUCKLES]
WHEN THEY FOCUS
THEIR THOUGHTS ON YOU,
THEY FORCE YOU
TO HEAR THE CRIES OF ALL
YOUR FORMER VICTIMS.
YOU'RE NOT
THE DEMON WHO DID
THOSE THINGS ANYMORE.
[PIPER SCREAMS]
EVIL GOT THE BOOK
OF SHADOWS.
HOW DID EVIL GET
THE BOOK OF SHADOWS?
OH, NO.
OH, NO, PHOEBE?
A DEMON HAS
THE BOOK
OF SHADOWS.
"OH, NO," DOESN'T
QUITE COVER IT.
LET ME GO SEE
WHAT I CAN FIND OUT.
NO, WAIT.
UH, PIPER...
PROMISE ME
YOU'RE NOT GONNA
OVERREACT.
IS THAT EVEN POSSIBLE?
I THINK THAT,
UH, MAYBE...
WELL, IT--IT MIGHT--
MIGHT BE FEASIBLE
THAT, UH...
PAIGE BORROWED THE BOOK.
WAIT, WHY--
WHY WOULD YOU
THINK THAT?
SEE, NOW, THIS IS WHAT
I MEANT ABOUT OVERREACTING.
IT'S JUST THAT...
YOU LET PAIGE TAKE
THE BOOK OF SHADOWS
OUT OF THE MANOR?
NO, I DID NOT LET HER.
IT'S JUST SHE LEFT
PRETTY QUICK, AND...
IT LOOKS LIKE
SHE MIGHT'VE...
OUT OF THE WINDOW?
PIPER, I DON'T
KNOW WHAT--
PHOEBE,
WHY WOULD YOU EVEN
LEAVE HER ALONE WITH IT?
WELL, BECAUSE
SHE'S OUR SISTER.
[LAUGHS]
NOT FOR LONG.
OOH!
ARE YOU COMING?
TO VANQUISH YOUR SISTER?
I THINK I'LL SIT
THIS ONE OUT.
OOH.
IT'S UNBELIEVABLE.
MAYBE IT WAS THE LIGHT
FROM THE COPY MACHINE.
GOD, THIS DAY
IS AMAZING.
YOU WENT
AND GOT CUTE.
YOU THINK?
TOTALLY.
AND MY CAR LOAN
COMES THROUGH
RIGHT OUT
OF NOWHERE.
MY CREDIT IS WORSE
THAN PAIGE'S.
SIR, I AM TAKING
FULL RESPONSIBILITY
FOR BEING LATE
WITH THE APPLICATION,
BUT I'M SIMPLY ASKING
FOR A DEADLINE EXTENSION.
WELL, I'M ASKING THAT
YOU NOT PUNISH ADAM O'BRIEN,
WHO'S ALREADY HAD
A TOUGH ENOUGH LIFE,
FOR MY MISTAKE.
SIR, ALL I'M SAYING IS...
"THESE WORDS WILL TRAVEL
THROUGH THE MINDS,
"OF STUBBORN PARTIES
AND UNBIND
"THE THOUGHTS TOO RIGID
TO BE KIND
A COMPROMISE
THEY'LL DIS-ENTWINE."
6:00 FRIDAY IS PERFECT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
VICTORY!
YOU GOT THE EXTENSION?
YEAH.
[GASPS]
UNBELIEVABLE.
YOU'RE INTO ALL THAT
WITCHY STUFF, RIGHT?
EXCUSE ME?
WELL, I'M JUST
THINKING THAT
THERE MUST BE SOMETHING
IN THE STARS TODAY.
IS THERE A FULL MOON
OR SOMETHING?
[LAUGHS]
I DON'T KNOW,
BUT WHATEVER IT IS,
I'M GONNA CALL
MY STUDENT LOAN SHARKS
AND TAKE
FULL ADVANTAGE OF IT.
OH, GOOD. ME, TOO.
YOU KNOW, PAIGE,
AS A LAWYER...
I COULD GET THOSE
NASTY CREDITORS
OFF YOUR BACK
SO EASILY,
AND IF YOU CAN'T
AFFORD TO PAY ME,
WE COULD ALWAYS
JUST TAKE IT OUT
IN TRADE.
OR I COULD JUST
SUE YOUR ASS
FOR SEXUAL HARASSMENT
AND PAY YOU WITH MY BIG,
FAT PUNITIVE SETTLEMENT.
THE WAY YOU DRESS,
THE JUDGE WOULD
ADMIRE MY RESTRAINT.
THAT'S IT.
PERFECT. I'LL JUST
CHANGE DEMON TO DIRTBAG.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND
HOW SOMEONE
CAN BE THAT STUPID.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND
WHY YOU HAVEN'T
STOPPED RANTING
SINCE WE LEFT THE HOUSE.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'M SORRY.
YES, PAIGE
MADE A MISTAKE.
A MISTAKE?
SHE STOLE FROM US.
SHE BORROWED--BORROWED.
SHE--SHE THREW
OUR FAMILY HERITAGE
OUT OF THE WINDOW!
WELL, THAT'S BECAUSE
WE NEVER TOOK THE TIME
TO EXPLAIN
ITS SIGNIFICANCE.
IT WAS JUST
A BOOK TO HER.
OK, PHOEBE,
IT IS NOT JUST A BOOK.
IT'S LIKE,
IT--IT--IT IS LIKE
PART OF OUR FAMILY.
[COUGHS]
PAIGE IS NOT A KILLER.
SHE DIDN'T KILL ANYONE,
AND SHE'S NOT A DEMON
THAT WE'RE ON OUR WAY
TO VANQUISH.
I GET THAT, PHOEBE.
DO YOU? BECAUSE I DON'T
THINK THAT YOU DO.
[COUGHS]
YOU ALL RIGHT?
HEY! WAIT!
GET AWAY FROM ME!
HEY! CUT IT--
OUT! COME ON!
WHAT THE HELL
IS GOING ON?
IT'S NOT FUNNY!
COME ON. GIVE
MAMA SOME SUGAR.
I'LL SUE YOU!
I'LL HAVE EVERY ONE OF YOU
IN COURT!
YOU...
ARE SO...
Piper: BUSTED?
HELLO.
YOU STOLE
OUR SACRED BOOK
SO YOU COULD
PERFORM
MAGICAL
PLASTIC SURGERY
ON YOURSELF?
YOU THINK I DID
THIS ON PURPOSE?
MY BODY WAS
PERFECTLY FINE
JUST AS IT WAS,
THANK YOU.
UGH!
PIPER, YOU COULD'VE
JUST BLOWN UP
A DOZEN INNOCENT PEOPLE.
I TOOK A CHANCE.
ARE YOU LISTENING
TO YOURSELF?
WHAT HAPPENED?
I DON'T KNOW.
THEY JUST GREW.
OH, RIGHT. AND YOU HAD
NOTHING TO DO WITH THAT.
DID YOU CAST ANY SPELLS?
ONE.
5.
5?
UGH. OK,
WHAT DID YOU DO
JUST BEFORE YOU
TURNED INTO BETTY BOOP?
WELL, I CAST A SPELL
ON THIS SLIMEBALL
I WORK WITH
SO I COULD
GIVE HIM A TASTE OF
HIS OWN MEDICINE.
UH-HUH.
THAT THE SLIMEBALL?
AND THAT'S THE BACKFIRE.
BACKFIRE?
YOU MISUSED MAGIC
TO MAKE HIM THE OBJECT
OF OGLING,
AND THE SPELL BACKFIRED
AND DID THE SAME THING
TO YOU.
WHICH YOU WOULD'VE LEARNED
IF YOU HAD BOTHERED TO ASK.
BUT NOW, INSTEAD OF
VANQUISHING DEMONS,
WE'RE GONNA HAVE
TO SPEND THE AFTERNOON
FIXING YOUR MESS.
OK, PIPER,
CALL LEO AND GET HIM
TO ORB THIS SLIMEBALL
BACK HOME.
WE HAVE TO PROTECT HIM
UNTIL WE CAN FIGURE OUT A WAY
TO REVERSE THE SPELL.
PAIGE AND I
WILL GRAB THE BOOK
AND MEET YOU THERE.
ARE MY BOOBS GOING TO
STAY THIS WAY FOREVER?
NOT IF I CAN EVER
FIND THE SPELL.
WHAT ABOUT PIPER?
SHE GONNA STAY
MAD AT ME FOREVER?
NO. IT'S JUST, UM,
SHE HASN'T REALLY
BEEN HERSELF LATELY.
A LOT OF UPS AND DOWNS
SINCE PRUE,
YOU KNOW, LIKE US ALL.
THE LAST THING
I WANTED TO DO
WAS ADD TO
YOUR GUYS' STRESS.
I JUST WANTED
TO GET BACK AT DONNIE.
YEAH, AND I UNDERSTAND
THE TEMPTATION, PAIGE.
I REALLY DO.
BUT I TOLD YOU THE BOOK
DOES NOT LEAVE THE HOUSE.
RIGHT. SORRY.
CAN YOU PUT IT
INTO THIRD FOR ME?
ALL RIGHT.
READY? HERE WE GO.
DID YOU FIND
THE SPELL YET?
NO, BUT I FOUND THE DEMONS.
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT?
YOU CAN'T SAY "DEMONS,"
FOLLOWED BY,
"OH, MY GOD."
I'M NEW AT THIS.
I'M LIKELY TO PANIC.
OK. UH, FURY SMOKE
KILLS BAD GUYS,
BUT IN GOOD PEOPLE,
IT LOOKS FOR A PORTAL
OF UNEXPRESSED FURY.
IT BUILDS UNTIL IT CONSUMES
YOUR HUMANITY,
AND IT TURNS YOU
INTO A FURY.
WE FOUGHT FURIES TODAY.
PIPER GOT SMOKED.
WAIT.
ARE YOU SAYING
THAT PIPER'S
TURNING INTO A DEMON?
IT WOULDN'T BE
THE FIRST TIME.
STEP ON IT
AND HIT THE CLUTCH.
WE'RE GOING INTO FOURTH.
READY?
ON 3. 1, 2, 3.
UNH.
EASY, PIPER.
WHAT, ARE YOU
PROTECTING HIM NOW?
WH-WH-WHAT THE HELL'S
GOING ON?
AND WHAT'S WITH
ALL THESE CHICKS?
THEY'VE GONE CRAZY.
THIS CHICK
JUST SAVED YOUR ASS,
YOU SNIVELING INGRATE.
DO YOU SEE WHAT I MEAN?
WHO SAID
YOU COULD GET UP?
UNH.
WHAT'S THE MATTER
WITH YOU?
OK, HONEY, LOOK,
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT'S GOING ON,
BUT WE REALLY NEED
TO TALK.
LEO, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M SICK OF TALKING.
NOW WE REALLY
NEED TO TALK.
PIPER...
DO NOT USE YOUR
POWERS ON A MORTAL.
DO YOU HEAR ME?
Cole:
BACK AWAY SLOWLY, LEO.
WHAT?
SHE'S BECOMING A FURY.
THERE'S NO REASONING
WITH HER NOW.
PIPER, YOU'RE A GOOD WITCH.
DO YOU HEAR ME? FIGHT THIS.
OH, GOD, HELP ME!
UNH. UNH!
Phoebe: COLE!
THAT WASN'T VERY NICE.
COLE HIT HER
WITH AN ENERGY BALL.
LEO, IT WAS LOW-VOLTAGE.
WOULD YOU PREFER HE'D
LET HER KILL AN INNOCENT?
I PREFER THAT HE
WOULDN'T USE HIS DEMONIC
POWERS ON MY WIFE.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT
YOU LET HIM
GO LOOK FOR HER.
OH, THIS IS ALL MY FAULT.
I SHOULDN'T HAVE STOLEN
THE BOOK OF SHADOWS.
YOU STOLE
THE BOOK OF SHADOWS?
LEO? LEO,
CONCENTRATE, PLEASE.
I JUST HOPE
HE FINDS HER FAST,
BECAUSE IF THIS IS
ANYTHING LIKE THE TIME
I TURNED INTO A BANSHEE,
SHE'S GONNA BE
HUNGRY FOR A KILL.
I'M SORRY.
A BANSHEE?
YEAH, DEMONIC SCREAMER,
KIND OF TRAMPY,
FEEDS ON PAIN.
I THINK
I NEED TO SIT DOWN.
[GRUNTS]
WHOA.
PAIGE!
WHAT? YOU ONLY SAID
I COULDN'T USE MAGIC
TO PUNISH HIM.
OK, LEO...
YOU ORB DONNIE
BACK TO HIS OFFICE,
HEAL HIM THERE.
THEN MAKE SURE HE DOESN'T
NARC US OUT FOR BEING WITCHES.
HOW?
I DON'T KNOW. BE CREATIVE.
WHAT ABOUT PIPER?
YOU HAVE TO DO YOUR JOB,
AND LET US DO OURS.
WE'LL GET YOUR WIFE BACK.
I PROMISE.
[PHOEBE SIGHS]
UNH.
UM, I HATE TO ASK,
BUT HOW ARE WE GOING
TO GET HIS WIFE BACK?
I MEAN, SHE'S KIND OF
A FULL-ON DEMON.
NO, NOT FULL-ON.
SHE DOESN'T HAVE
THE TALONS YET.
THEY PROBABLY COME
WITH HER FIRST KILL.
BESIDES, IF WE WERE
ABLE TO SAVE HER
WHEN SHE TURNED
INTO A WENDIGO...
A WENDI-WHAT?
UM, A WENDIGO.
IT'S KIND OF LIKE
A WEREWOLF, ONLY MEANER.
IS THIS THE SPELL
THAT YOU USED?
UH-HUH.
IS THERE SOME SORT
OF SPELL I COULD DO,
YOU KNOW, IN ADVANCE,
SO I COULD NOT BECOME
MAYBE A BANSHEE--
WHAT WORD
DID YOU SUB DEMON WITH?
DIRTBAG.
OK.
HAND.
GUIDED SPIRITS,
HEAR OUR PLEA.
ANNUL THIS MAGIC.
LET IT BE.
PLEASE LET IT BE.
OH.
DO YOU THINK IT WORKED
A LITTLE TOO WELL?
ANYTHING YOU WANT.
SHUT UP!
UNH.
[MANY WHISPERING VOICES]
I'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR YOU.
DAMN IT.
WHY ISN'T IT WORKING?
BECAUSE PIPER ISN'T
A WITCH ANYMORE.
CAN'T YOU
JUST SCRY FOR EVIL, THEN?
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
HOW MUCH EVIL
IS RUNNING AROUND
SAN FRANCISCO?
DAMN IT, PIPER.
COLE. THANK GOD.
DON'T THANK HIM YET.
YOU DIDN'T FIND HER?
I DIDN'T GET
A CHANCE TO LOOK.
EVERY TIME I USED
MY SENSING POWERS,
A BOUNTY HUNTER
SENSED ME.
I FOUGHT OFF 3 OF THEM.
I'M SORRY.
NO. THAT'S--THAT'S OK.
I MEAN, SOMEHOW,
EVERYTHING'S GONNA BE OK.
I DON'T HAVE
EVEN A LITTLE IDEA
HOW EVERYTHING'S
GOING TO BE OK.
PHOEBE.
YOU KNOW WHY?
BECAUSE NOTHING IS OK.
PHOEBE?
MY SISTER IS A FURY,
MY BOYFRIEND IS A DEMON.
OH, BABY, YOU'RE BLEEDING.
PHOEBE?
DIDN'T YOU SAY
YOU FOUND ME
BECAUSE PIPER
CAST A SPELL
TO FIND
A LOST WITCH?
YES, BUT I ALSO SAID THAT
PIPER'S NOT A WITCH ANYMORE.
YES, BUT IF
I COULD SUBSTITUTE
THE WORD "DIRTBAG"
FOR "DEMON,"
WHY CAN'T
WE SUBSTITUTE
THE WORD "SISTER"
FOR "WITCH"?
WOULD THAT WORK?
WELL, NO...
NOT IF SHE'S ALREADY
LOOKING FOR A KILL.
THE CALL WON'T BE
STRONG ENOUGH.
WHY NOT?
BECAUSE OF
THE PULL OF EVIL.
WHEN I WAS POSSESSED
BY THE WOOGIE,
THE BLOOD LUST
WAS SO STRONG--
WOOGIE?
DON'T ASK.
THE POINT IS,
I DON'T THINK SHE'LL
ANSWER THE CALL.
THEN WE'LL ADD BAIT.
NO. NO. UH, NO.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME? NO.
THE FURIES GO AFTER
EVILDOERS, RIGHT?
PAIGE, WE ARE NOT USING
THE LOVE OF MY LIFE
AS BAIT.
OH, YES, WE ARE.
IT'S PERFECT.
COLE, YOU HAVE BEEN
A DEMON FOR OVER A CENTURY.
THAT IS A LOT OF VICTIMS.
THE PAIN OF THEIR CRIES
ALONE CAN KILL YOU.
YES, BUT AS YOU SAID,
I'M NOT
THE DEMON WHO DID
THOSE THINGS ANYMORE.
AND IF FACING MY CRIMES
HELPS SAVE YOUR SISTER--
COLE. I--
PHOEBE.
I WOULD DO ALMOST ANYTHING
FOR YOU. YOU KNOW THAT.
BUT I WILL NOT BE
A COWARD FOR YOU.
PLEASE DON'T ASK ME TO BE.
WE'LL NEED
SOME OF YOUR BLOOD.
RIGHT.
KNIFE.
Phoebe and Paige:
POWER OF THE SISTERS, RISE.
COURSE UNSEEN
ACROSS THE SKIES.
COME TO US,
WHO CALL YOU NEAR.
COME TO US AND SETTLE HERE.
BLOOD TO BLOOD,
I SUMMON THEE.
RETURN TO ME.
I KNOW WHERE EVIL DWELLS.
ARE YOU SURE
ABOUT THIS?
I'M GOOD
AT A LOT OF THINGS.
WAITING IS NOT
ONE OF THEM.
[GRUNTS]
HONEY, WHAT ARE
YOU DOING?
I'M TRYING TO DO
THAT ORB THINGY.
I CAN'T SEEM
TO CONTROL IT, THOUGH.
AAH!
[EXHALES]
WHAT HAPPENED?
YOU ORBED.
I DID?
IT'S A FEAR RESPONSE.
SO UNTIL YOU LEARN
HOW TO CONTROL IT,
YOU JUST HAVE TO
GET SCARED?
PRETTY MUCH.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL, THAT SHOULDN'T
BE TOO DIFFICULT.
GOOD.
THEN WE WILL ORB,
WE WILL LEVITATE,
WE WILL JUGGLE KNIVES
IF WE HAVE TO
JUST TO KEEP THE FURIES
DISTRACTED FROM COLE.
OK, BUT WHAT I DON'T GET
IS HOW WE UN-DEMON PIPER
ONCE SHE GETS HERE.
WELL, WE HAVE
TO CLOSE THE PORTAL
OF UNEXPRESSED FURY.
UNEXPRESSED? I THINK
SHE'S BEEN RAGING FOR DAYS.
THAT'S 'CAUSE
THERE'S SOMETHING
SHE'S NOT SAYING.
WHICH IS?
I DON'T KNOW...
BUT I THINK
I HAVE AN IDEA.
AAH!
[GASPS]
THEY'RE CLOSE.
[WHIMPERING]
PAIGE!
I DID IT AGAIN.
I'M SORRY.
I'M SO SORRY.
PHOEBE!
NICE DECOY, PIPER.
2 POINTS.
COLE! COLE!
LAMP!
SORRY.
REALLY SORRY.
COLE IS NOT YOUR PROBLEM,
PIPER, AND YOU KNOW IT.
BOOK!
PLEASE LET THERE BE
SOMETHING IN HERE.
COLE, DON'T!
YOU THINK
I ABANDONED YOU.
YOU THINK IT'S MY FAULT
THAT PRUE DIED.
YOU BLAME ME.
YOU SHOULD JUST ADMIT IT.
YOU DON'T WANT
TO KILL ME, PIPER.
YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW ME.
IT'S NOT ABOUT ME.
IT'S NOT ABOUT
PHOEBE, IS IT?
LEO!
PHOEBE'S NOT THE SISTER
WHO ABANDONED YOU.
IT'S PRUE.
WHERE'D HE TAKE THEM?
TO WHAT PIPER'S
REALLY ANGRY AT.
TELL HER, PIPER.
IT'S ALL RIGHT
TO HATE HER.
YOU SHOULD HATE HER.
WHEN MY PARENTS DIED,
I HATED THEM FOR IT.
I WAS ALONE,
AND I HATED THEM.
IT IS OK TO HATE PRUE.
HOW DARE YOU!
HOW DARE YOU LEAVE ME!
HOW COULD YOU GO
AND DIE
AND LEAVE ME HERE
ALL ALONE?
PLEASE COME BACK.
I NEED YOU.
AAH!
IT'S OK.
IT'S OK, HONEY.
IT'S NOT OK.
SHE RISKED HER LIFE
EVERY DAY,
AND SHE NEVER THOUGHT
ABOUT WHAT WOULD HAPPEN
TO ME AND PHOEBE
WHEN SHE WAS GONE.
HOW COULD SHE THINK
THAT I COULD LIVE
WITHOUT HER?
DID YOU SLEEP?
YEAH.
ACTUALLY, BETTER THAN
I HAVE IN A WHILE.
IT'S QUIET, ISN'T IT?
EARLY AND LATE.
IT'S JUST REALLY,
REALLY QUIET.
PRUE WAS ALWAYS
THE FIRST ONE UP...
AND THE LAST ONE DOWN.
IT'S STRANGE,
THE THINGS THAT YOU MISS.
SO...
HOW SCARY WAS I?
[LAUGHS]
HECK,
I'VE SEEN WORSE.
I'VE BEEN WORSE.
BUT, UH...
PAIGE...
SHE COMPLETELY FREAKED.
NO, UH,
SHE HANDLED IT...
BETTER THAN MOST PEOPLE
WOULD, I THINK.
SHE SAVED YOUR LIFE.
SHE DEFINITELY
IS A HALLIWELL...
LAST NAME OR NO.
I KNOW I HAVEN'T BEEN
THE MOST WELCOMING...
I JUST...
I MISS PRUE SO MUCH.
IT'S HARD TO IMAGINE
OPENING UP TO SOMEONE ELSE.
WITH EVERYTHING THAT
HAPPENS IN OUR LIVES,
LOVE JUST FEELS
LIKE AN INVITATION
FOR MORE PAIN.
SO MAYBE, UM...
MAYBE YOU DON'T
START WITH LOVE.
MAYBE YOU JUST START
WITH "THANKS."
MUFFINS. THANKS.
BUSYWORK. I'M BEST
IN THE KITCHEN,
PRUE WAS THE ONE
THAT LIKED TO AHH...
CHASE DEMONS.
MAN, HE'S LIKE
A WHOLE NEW DONNIE.
WHAT DID LEO SAY TO HIM?
UM...
I DON'T KNOW.
HE'S A MIRACLE WORKER,
THAT HUSBAND OF MINE.
SO...HOW ARE YOU?
I'VE HAD, UH, BAD HOURS...
AND HOURS THAT AREN'T
QUITE SO BAD.
I GUESS YOU KNOW
HOW IT IS.
YEAH.
WHEN MY PARENTS DIED,
THERE WERE SOME DAYS
I DIDN'T THINK I'D
SURVIVE THE SADNESS.
IT'LL NEVER BE OK THAT
SHE'S GONE, PIPER...
BUT I PROMISE
IT WILL GET BETTER.
YOU KNOW, LEO COULD
FIX THAT FOR YOU.
IT'S MY FIRST WAR WOUND.
I'M THINK I'LL WEAR IT
WITH PRIDE.
UNFORTUNATELY,
IN THIS FAMILY,
IT WILL NOT BE THE LAST.
WELL, EVERY FAMILY HAS
ITS PROS AND ITS CONS.
A COUPLE
OF DEMON BATTLES
IN EXCHANGE FOR
THE POWER TO CLEAR UP
MY FRIEND'S SKIN?
I'D SAY IT'S WORTH IT.
THE POWER TO WHAT?
HE'S CUTE, ISN'T HE?
WELL, YOU SHOULD HAVE
SEEN HIM YESTERDAY.
OK, YOU SAVED MY LIFE,
SO I GUESS WE'RE EVEN ON
THE BOOK OF SHADOWS SWIPE.
BUT, PAIGE, THERE ARE RULES
TO BEING A WITCH--
RULES THAT YOU WILL
HAVE TO LEARN AND FOLLOW.
WELL, NOT
TO BE DIFFICULT, BUT...
YOU'RE MARRIED
TO OUR WHITELIGHTER,
AND PHOEBE'S SHACKING UP
WITH A DEMON...
SO, ON BALANCE,
MAYBE MY FRIEND
COULD STAY CUTE?
OK.
MY, MY, MY...
THAT PILE LOOKS
ABOUT THE SAME SIZE
AS IT DID ABOUT
AN HOUR AGO.
OH, THAT WAS MY FAULT.
I DISTRACTED HER
WITH MUFFINS.
AND YOU ARE?
I'M HER SISTER.